<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
	<meta content="text/xhtml; charset=UTF-8" http-equiv="Content-Type"/>
	<title>ShareGrid Portal</title>
	<style text="text/css">
	html {
		height: 100%;
		background-color: #DBD4C6;
	}
	body {
		font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
		font-size: small;
		color: #362f2d;
	}
	.dcs-sg-justifyAlign {
		text-align: justify;
	}
	.dcs-sg-maintenance {
		border-top: solid 2px #dfe8f6;
		border-bottom: solid 2px #dfe8f6;
	}
	</style>
</head>
<body id="pgHome">
	<div id="document">
		<div id="header">
			<h1>Welcome to the ShareGrid Portal</h1>
		</div>
		<br/><br/>
		<div id="body">
			<div class="dcs-sg-maintenance">
				<h2>Site Maintenance In Progress...</h2>
				<br/><br/>
				<h3>We are currently updating this website. It will be available again shortly.</h3>
				<em>Please. Come back later!</em>
				<br/>
				<br/>
			</div>
			<br/><br/>
			<br/><br/>
			<div class="dcs-sg-justifyAlign">
				<em>ShareGrid</em> is a collaborative project, coordinated by TOPIX in the framework of the Innovation Development Program and funded by Regione Piemonte, aimed at providing a computing and storage service to the academic research community.
				<br/><br/>
				The service is built upon a distributed regional Grid computing infrastructure and it is targeted to academic laboratories that have computational needs that cannot be fulfilled by local resources.
				<br/><br/>
				ShareGrid&apos;s testbed is based on the OurGrid middleware, that will be tailored to the specific needs of the ShareGrid project.
			</div>
		</div>
		<br/><br/>
		<br/><br/>
		<div id="footer">
			<em>ShareGrid - A <a href="http://www.dcs.di.unipmn.it" title="Distributed Computing Systems Group">DCS</a>/<a href="http://www.topix.it" title="TOrino Internet eXchange">TOPIX</a> project.</em>
		</div>
	</div>
</body>
</html>
